---
title: I Am Not
date: 2021-04-28 20:30:00 +0800
categories: [Poetry]
tags: [poetry]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

<p> Damaged goods, a mind so out of order</p>
<p>No one in their right mind would dare to repair</p>
<p>Or even want to be in the same room as one</p>
<p>Who must be approached like a bomb at risk</p>
<p>Of exploding if a particle of dust nicks it. </p>
* * *
<p>Troublesome, someone whose mere presence</p>
<p>Makes everyone fear the fun times are over</p>
<p>Because Taylor is just determined to find a way</p>
<p>To flood the room with worry until all that's left</p>
<p>Is anxious people wondering why they even came.</p>
* * *
<p>Worthless, a train wreck that keeps repeating,</p>
<p>Bringing the tracks to a halt each and every day.</p>
<p>When the anxiety flares up and the alarm blares,</p>
<p>Surely those around me would rather head for the exits</p>
<p>Than feel the fiery fits I carelessly unleash.</p> 
* * *
<p>I... am not</p>
* * *
<p>Damaged goods, a mind so in need of repairs<p>
<p>It could take the entire day for all the pieces<p>
<p>To be gathered so I can be whole for a few minutes.<p>

<p>Troublesome, someone who others look at <p>
<p>In hopes there will be no incidents while knowing<p>
<p>The face of anxiety could always reveal itself.<p>

<p>Worthless, a mess that others might trip over,<p>
<p>Leaving them vulnerable to heated outbursts.<p>

<p>I am not<p>

<p>Damaged goods, a mind full of so many holes<p>
<p>The patches can't be applied with one set of hands.<p>

<p>Troublesome, someone who could make any day<p>
<p>Unexpectedly difficult for anyone I spend it with.<p>

<p>Worthless, nothing more than a waste of space.<p>

<p>I am NOT damaged goods. My mind is slowly healing.<p>

<p>I am NOT troublesome. I can make it through any day.<p>

<p>I am NOT worthless. There is so much love in my life.<p>

<p>I AM NOT DAMAGED GOODS!<p>
<p>I AM NOT TROUBLESOME!<p>
<p>I AM NOT WORTHLESS! <p>